hi i'm victoria justice and i have
partnered with jeff blue and mary pope
osborne author of the Magic Treehouse
series to help children everywhere go on
reading adventures this summer you don't
even have to leave your house to go on a
reading adventure
you just need to use your imagination
and I'm sure you're all really good at
that your imagination can take you on
adventures to a new state a foreign
country and even to an imaginary land
with dinosaurs mummies wizards or all
three jeff blue and i want to help your
imaginations come alive do you know what
helps your imagination reading reading
can help us discover new things about
sports history science and the world
reading can also make us more confident
and creative and is important no matter
what you want to be when you go up even
actor but some kids don't have any books
to read at home that's why Jet Blue
created a program called soar with
reading and works with partners such as
Random House children's books and Mary
Pappas born to give children all over
the country access to books do you guys
want to go on a reading adventure with
me right now great because I'm gonna be
reading from Mary Poppins borns latest
Magic Treehouse adventure soccer on
Sunday Jack and Annie are headed to
Mexico City in search of the key to
greatness for Merlin would you like to
find out more well then let's go chapter
one slowly and carefully Jack ran his
hands over the face of the stony cliff
his fingers gripped ridges and bumps who
lodged his bare toes into cracks in the
rock he knew he had to get to the top he
pushed with his legs and pulled with his
hands he was almost there he reached up
and grabbed the overhang of the cliff
the wind screamed and blew against Jack
knocking him off-balance his feet
slipped he was dangling by one hand
Jack Jack opened his eyes it was dark
he could faintly see an e in the
moonlight Annie he whispered we have to
go she said have to get down said Jack
he closed his eyes he was still hanging
from the cliff and he shook his shoulder
Jack wake up oh whoa
Jack's at straight up oh man he was
hanging from a cliff in Egypt you you
were dreaming about our last mission
interrupted Annie
remember you were hanging from a cliff
but everything turned out okay we saved
koku remember the little baboon right
right breathe Jack he rubbed his eyes
and looked at Annie what's going on what
what time is it are you awake we have to
go to the woods said Annie its back
how do you know Sajak I couldn't sleep
said Annie I was looking out my window
and saw the streak of light that's it
said Jack jumping out of bed let's go
our mom and dad awake no if we leave now
we'll be back before they get up said
Annie meet you outside she slipped out
of Jack's room Jack didn't even turn on
his light he changed into a pair of
shorts and a t-shirt he pulled on his
socks and sneakers he threw his notebook
and pencil into his backpack then he
tiptoed down the hall down the stairs
and out the front door Annie was waiting
on the porch the Sun was about to rise
and birds have started to chirp and warm
summer dawn ready Jack whispered Jack
and Annie left the front porch and Sept
lightly over the wet grass of their
front yard
they hurried up the sidewalk and crossed
the street into the Frog Creek woods as
they walked between the dark trees the
purple blue sky overhead was growing
later
birdsong filled the woods I wonder what
we'll go today said Jack and what will
be the secret of greatness that makes
the ring of truth glow and he said then
she began to speak in a dramatic voice
like a TV announcer what amazing person
will Jack and Annie meet today Jack left
then spoke dramatically to you and when
will they sniff the mist gathered at
first light on the first day of the new
moon on the Isle of Avalon
and they do what great time would they
choose for themselves said Annie Jack
laughed again and shook his head
our lives are kind of crazy so Danny you
think so Jack the chorus of birds grew
louder as the pale gold of dawn filtered
down through the trees when Jack and
Annie came to the tallest oak in the
woods they looked up into the branches
the Magic Treehouse was outlined against
the sky without a word and he grabbed
the rope ladder and started up Jack
followed Jack and Annie climbed into the
shadowy tree house a ray of sunlight
slanted through a window it shone
directly on a sheet of paper lying on
the wooden floor on the paper
Jack had written the secrets of
greatness they had learned on their last
three missions humility hard work
meaning and purpose a gold ring a tiny
bottle and a yellowed scroll laid next
to the paper Jack picked up the scroll
unrolled it and read aloud dear Jack and
Annie I hope you enjoyed traveling to
Egypt and learning the third secret of
greatness from Florence Nightingale now
you must learn the forth from one of the
finest athletes of all time Pele the
great Pele the great said Jack he was a
brilliant soccer player from Brazil I
know coach Cooney told us all about him
said Annie this is so cool so Jack wait
said any there's more when you complete
your mission please come to Camelot
before you return home signed em so
we're going to Camelot said Jack yep
said Annie and I wonder if we're going
to Brazil too she and jock looked around
the treehouse for a book that would help
them on their journey Baird said Annie
she picked up a pamphlet lying in a
shadowy corner I don't believe it
what what said Jack look Annie had it in
the pan
the world cup said Jack that's the
biggest sports event on the planet I
know that Annie look it's in Mexico I've
always wanted to go to Mexico when she
opened the pamphlet she gasped and look
what Merlin gave us she held up to a
purple tickets Mexico 70 final said Jack
reading a ticket there are lots of games
during the World Cup but there's only
one final Thank You Marlins and Annie
with a lap soap Ellen must be playing in
the final Jack said yep and he shoved
their tickets in her back pocket don't
forget this in Jack he grabbed the small
bottle on the floor and held it up the
Sun light sparkling mist swirled inside
mist gathered at first light on the
first day of the new moon on the Isle of
Avalon Jackson whenever he and Annie
breathed in the mist and made a wish
they magically had a great talent for
one hour
Jack tucked the bottle into his backpack
and he picked up the gold ring from the
floor and here's the ring of truth she
said you get to wear it this time just
make sure to keep your eye on on your
with Kelly don't worry he said Jack as
he slipped the ring onto his finger the
ring of truth would shine with a fiery
light when they discovered the fourth
secret of greatness let's go said Annie
I still can't believe we're actually
headed to Mexico to a final World Cup
soccer game to meet Pele the great Jack
said I mean seriously seriously said
Annie Jack pointed at the cover of their
program I seriously wish we could go to
Mexico City 1970 the wind started to
blow the tree house started to spin it
spun faster and faster then everything
was still absolutely still
awesome I can't wait to see what happens
next to Jack and Annie and if you guys
are as excited as I am you'll have to
finish reading to find out I remember
when you visits or with reading comm
you'll be able to share reading
adventures with children everywhere